Website.
Maybe you're thinking about having your first
one made or maybe you just need a new, better
one.
In any case, you should know at least some
of the basics about web design.
No worries, it will only take three minutes.
First of all, let's face it.
A website is the core of your online marketing
activities.
If you look at all the marketing channels
and techniques, what they actually do is bring
visitors to your website.
The main purpose of a website is turning these
visitors into customers.
In marketing terms, this is called conversion.
A bad website will basically cause you to
waste money on other marketing methods because
you don't need more visitors if you can't
turn them into customers.
The better your website is, the more visitors
are converted into your customers.
It doesn't really matter whether you sell
consumer products online, provide local services,
or build houses.
Many people in the industry call themselves
web designers but they really are just a bunch
of geeks with some basic coding knowledge.
Of course without much planning, they will
pretty quickly create a website for you with
lots of information, photos, contacts, but
the question is, is that the way to turn your
visitors into your customers?
Is that what you need?
The answer is simple: No!
What you have to do is look for someone serious
about web design.
Well, that's where we come in.
This is how we make websites, by following
this 7-phase web design process.
Phase 1: Analysis.
The first step is always about information
gathering, identifying things like the website
purpose, goals, and target audience.
Phase 2: Planning.
A plan includes a definition of the site map,
structure, and technologies that we're about
to use.
Phase 3: Design.
Not only do we focus on wireframe models and
the visual style in this stage, but also on
the usability of the user interface for the
best possible user experience.
Phase 4: Content.
A very important part of the process is choosing
the right text, photos, or videos, all optimized
not only for your visitors but also for search
engines.
Phase 5: Development.
Here we actually create the website using
the hypertext markup language and cascading
style sheets with some help from databases
and other technologies as well.
If needed, our websites can be made accessible
to mobile devices too.
Phase 6: Testing.
We test all the technical features like code
and scripts, compatibility with major browsers,
but we also ask ourselves if the website really
fulfills its purpose.
Phase 7: Deployment.
After we launch the site, our job is definitely
not done yet.
We always monitor what's happening after the
start, enabling us to fix any possible deficiencies
and if you want, we can also manage the future
maintenance and updates for you.
As you have just seen, web design is a very
complex process but we believe this is how
websites should be done and our customers
agree.
If you share our passion for high-quality
websites, let's get in touch.
We'll be happy to help you with what we do
best.